only that without the violence of that time possible they are much more common than
that people imagine
in most cases the pilot manages to get around the problem, but rather
pact may be equivalent to 10 tonnes depending on the size time
of the animal
In Brazil, collisions involving birds and airplanes are not rare.
statistics of the cenipa the center of investigation and prevention of
aeronautical accidents
show that at least 500 accidents
are recorded per year
for the air traffic expert who in the West represents the birds
a period unites all airports in the world
our most dangerous urubu
does not weigh so much that a pound and a half - can reach 2 3 the clash between the middle
almost 10 tonnes depending on the speed
take-off is a time when more occur in countries of origin
the visit and airplanes most of the time are precisely just materials
the african team
the majority
these images show
birds being sucked by the turbine the plane was still near the ground when
the first explosion occurs
soon after the takeoff the fire in the turbine if the stability of the airplane but
the pilot was able to return to the airport in July 2007
an accident in the interior of são paulo almost provoked a tragedy
the vulture struck an airplane that was 200 miles per hour and
hit the pilot's face in full he fainted for a few moments but
was able to recover and land the aircraft the impact equivalent to a
tonne left the pilot refused
Another collision with the AVIC placed passengers at risk of a flight from the
rio de janeiro to belem in par
everything very mature minister wants to give at the moment the airplane was preparing
to take off one of the ways to reduce accidents
in avoiding the concentration of garbage in places near landings slopes and
take-off
mainly in Deraa is preventive and has q
seek to depart with the steps of the region of Douro and the port
not accumulating garbage food that attracted them as dumps
eventually even him
away from the other side with pills
to prevent them from being attracted to water
as is the case of fascism
the credential selection lost by 3 to 1
here is done here in brazil